# CS-255-8-2-Journal-Portfolio
CS-255 System Analysis and Design 8-2 Journal: Portfolio
The premise of this assignment was that I worked for a small consulting company that designs systems for various clients. The project lead assigned a new client, DriverPass. DriverPass wants to provide students with access to online practice exams and on-the-road training to better prepare them for driving tests. Some of their needs were for this system ensuring the site has the most updated training and policies in accordance with the local DMV. Also, the use of scheduling system for students to book time with driving instructors, push notifications and compatibility with multiple platforms. (Both PC and Mobile) I felt over all I did a decent job however, my understanding and incorporating all of the user requirements could use more spit and polish. And it is those areas that I would go back and touch up, with identifying all user interfaces, and adding the proper non-functional requirements as needed. Siting down with the client, or in this case a transcript, helps to understand where the customer is coming from and what they hope to accomplish with their product. And seeing the project through there eyes can really help the production team with the design. As for my approach, I tried to maintain a simple and logical approach, focusing on the steps of the system as it would be used by the end user, admin or staff. For me working in a step-by-step manner works, (A. login, B. verify password, C. 2FA, D. display menu, etc…) keeping everything neat, tidy and in order, especially when in my case, putting the project down for a few days and coming back to it, I know quickly where I am at and what is next to accomplish. 
